We're adding tokens everywhere which is important but for orders we don't just want a panther token
we all do want to make sure that orders really belong to the logged in user.
Now the good thing is we're storing the user I.D. which firebase generated in our redux store.
So mapping our orders to users isn't too hard.
We get access to our full store here so we can get the user I.D. by calling get state DOT off dot user
I.D. That's all this gives us to user I.D. of the currently locked end user.
And now we can inject this here and replace the hard coded you one with user I.D..
Of course not just for adding orders but also for fetching orders because we want to fetch the orders
of the currently locked in user.
So here let's all the received that second argument get our user I.D. and here exchange single quotes
for back ticks so that we can use this day a dynamic convenient injection here and then replace or interpolate
as it's called this string here by adding the user I.D. So there's now all to make sure that the orders
are stored correctly.
But of course it's not just the orders the products also should be stored such we should make sure that
when we create a product we actually do add our owner I.D. to it.
That's something we're currently not doing and that's something which we should do.
So here I actually also want to get the user I.D. here and create product.
And when I then send my request to create a new product I don't just want a safe title descriptions
on.
All the one to set owner I.D. field and the exact name is up to you which is equal to the user I.D.
of the logged in user.
And that's not something brand new.
Now we really start mapping products to a user something we only did in a dummy way before this all
the means by the way Dad when we dispatch create product here I want to pass a new piece of information
I want to add the owner I.D. there as well and all the point that the user I.D. here.
And that means that in the products reducer we need to respect this.
And in there instead of hard coding does I.D. Here we can now get this from our act dot product data
from owner I.D. there because that's what I just added there.
So here products I added owner I.D. I added this key to product data to the actually dispatch.
Now the reducer we have to use that extract that here and use that as an owner I.D. of the product we
create locally in redux.
Of course there's all the means that here when I get the products that belong to that user I also want
to make sure that I filter correctly for the correct I.D..
So when we call set products here I want to make sure that user products are really filtered down to
the locked in user so the product action creator when we fetch all products here of course I do want
to fetch all products but there I also want to be able to get my state so that I can get my user I.D.
from the state because then here when we create a loaded product I don't just want to forward those.
I also want to add a new user product's key to my action object where I take the loaded products.
Here I filter them and I have a look at each product and if the owner idea of the product is that is
equal to the user I.D. then I want to keep it because then it's a product created by the currently locked
end user.
Otherwise I'll not keep it.
It's still part of the loaded product which I passed a product but not part of the products I passed
to user products.
And that allows me to go back to the reducer and there in set Products User products is initialized
not by filtering here but by setting it equal to action user products which now takes the filtered products
filtered indie action creator with the logic we just wrote where we take to user I.D. does make sure
that we only see the products we really created and we don't see the product of our users.
Now of course by the way we cannot all to make sure that in our products store here we don't start with
our dummy products but we actually start with an empty array.
In both cases here there's all the means of course that now if we save this and we log in we should
be able to view our previous product.
Here it is.
But if I go to admin we don't see it there.
That makes a lot of sense because this product was created earlier in the course and therefore it has
no owner I.D. This product has no owner I.D. so therefore it's not included in any user's product which
is great because now I have a nice example that there are no products yet.
Maybe we should also show a message here.
As a side note in orders we also don't see anything.
And maybe we should show a message here as well because orders for you one that's now not a valid user
I.D. anymore.
So these orders are never loaded for any user and that's good because that's how it should be.
So now with that I'll just tweak these pages a little bit to show a message if we can't load any data.
So here in the user product screen if user products length is equal to zero then I don't want to return
my flat list but instead I'll return a View here where I have a text break say no products found maybe
start creating some and it will need to set up some stalls there.
We also need to import the view and text.
Otherwise we contemplate us.
And now I'll just do some quick and dirty inline styling here with Flex 1 justified content center and
a line items Center of course you could also assign your own font here to the text and so on.
Also stood like this and then copy this and move it over to the orders screen.
Make sure you input a view and text there as well.
And then here we can also add this check if user products length is empty of course here we should check
orders length not user products length but if that is empty I say no order is found.
Maybe start ordering some products like that.
And with that we should be seeing that text if nothing is found.
So if I now try this again and log in real quick and we go to the admin page we see the text here and
we go to the orders page.
We also see the text here.
So now it's working as it should.
If I now create a new product on the other hand for example a scarf let's say with a nice little a U
or L which I select it for a fifty nine point ninety nine dollars Woollen scarf.
If I do that and submit this this works fine and it also shows up here under admin also shows up under
products we could of course also filter it out there if you wanted to but why not.
Why don't we have it here too.
If I add this to the card and I click order now now here under orders we see it and on firebase we also
see that under orders now we have a node with our user I.D. with our orders.
So this is now really working in the way it should.
Here on this application and therefore for now here we have a setup with which we can work.